yeah this is recap reps we're running
through all three Star Wars prequels
today so buckle up here we go
journey to a galaxy once upon a time we
were planted in the Milky Way in 1999
where an epic space opera that inspired
generation got a hefty second helping
full of CG animation start again at the
stars with the Jedi beginner obi-wan and
his master qui-gon Schindler who wrote
where the Jedi doing mind tricks and
saber fights full of moral insight but
they trained favor right yes we'll get
there but for now be patient first
deliberations and Foreign Relations
negotiations the Trade Federation Senate
delegations yeah I'm Bard is a faster
fighter all the things we know in life
weird-looking monsters based on racial
archetype money my name is you're like
aliens from Asia and a slapstick
comedian from Lucas's Jamaican or later
Lainie chosen one could it be a Jedi fan
used to be a magic thing but now it's
just a blood exam and he enters into an
adrenaline junkies for deadly race that
honestly was better on n64 celebration
liberation time to leave the cradle but
before we go as you wish yes are you and
Jim Jones padme black swans Bucky little
teeth just a simple handmaiden just
kidding she's the queen now except for
war with the cannon fodder robot with
military strategy discipline or not
fried balls blue balls bill help
flailing
that's the metal pilot out nest Padres
talking to the shadows is a scary
consent known as Darth Maul puzzled
sabers Bandys cool [ __ ] laser walls off
duel taking Schindler off the list movie
blitzball split that was it double like
a chance to learn even though it's quite
wrong wiping to a pyre to let qui gonn
be quite God celebrate history I'm sure
we'll be lifelong all done mr
why-would-you space fight song
people-people she's gone
[Music]
Sen Tian's disclose who we go for this
Oscar nominee its have collected mystery
and half romantic comedy everyone looks
similar to when we saw them last but
only as a beard now to show the time is
past so the public is disorderly and
Pepys that was Senator Annie is a horny
teen desperate together it's super cute
flirting is so memorable please don't
look at me like that we do it makes me
feel uncomfortable
moving on obi-wan is on a mission
tracking the assassin who was hunted
politicians tranq darts missing planets
mystery unraveled more travels from the
galaxy to basically in a store like
giraffe creatures who are built a clone
army so they're all the same dude throw
a shrimp soma bhave you made one ozzie
named Jango Fett the assassin oh he has
a buddy slippery when wet so the love
story grows with two opposites attract
represented by the Christensen tutorial
on acting can't you feel like I'm
crushed
can you feel pain though I'm in agony
well now I gots to know how you feel
about sad I don't like sand its course
rough and irritating and it gets
everywhere okay now to Tatooine mommy
taking a knee on Akane ride bike see
mommy croaks he gets a murder by luring
them like animals that deserve sympathy
ob1 needs help so forget about your
killing spree me mother Republic down
teeters on the brink but not because of
pal cause of senator big rogue Geonosis
be stability Dooku is today then running
jump conveyor belts ending up the chains
escape from the monsters hey workers the
Jedi intervene and now the post attack
filled with new hacks Jango said is
approval battle seen don't affect three
PIOs cavity routine you're my new cool
DJ alters a physiology rescue just died
by Yoda starch and choreography what
more oscar-worthy shot to show her beat
the Army is super secret wedding that's
totally not ominous
[Music]
[Applause]
more in the Stars hey David everybody
obi-wan and 80 fine ships getting chubby
fight with Dooku over time and at the
Chancellor's persuasion and eBooks an
engine to screw with what easy
capitation now we need a new villain we
got gravest as reasons mostly a droid
but he has trouble breathing commanding
an army with the lightsaber Buffon faces
off the Kofi within captain let's move
on
Christensen is trying hard to act
McGregor nothing out the norm but hey
rockman is preggers discussing and well
given any night terrors they're just
dreams and ease the rumours fight error
no it's all literal we take it super
serious so he talks about that with this
father figure city and seize the ones
you love from dead he likes a dark side
Bower
not from a Jedi I've had it with these
defining symptoms and then base makes a
page 90 years and 30 seconds lighting
versus powerful saber and e0 hour then
we do out the window demented ah 466
wiped about all of them
obi-wan Yoda most of the any full of
dark side chopping up toddlers on a
murderous rampage we had to use this one
now controls the Senate seat clowns you
is it for all mighty battle yoga tongs
now we found from Dagobah that big tries
to change his mind but and he'd rather
choke his wife - one more safer five
stars laughing guys my crown Danny flies
like sliced yellow I do or the chosen
will hate you nice moment 50 er wear
panties the game but not before she
gives your babies arbitrary names now
they're reconstructing Vader back to
James Earl Jones who sums up our
feelings all debris falls
now that's over guess it's all up to
Disney the future looks bright but for
now I need a whiskey those was a Star
Wars prequels y'all this is recap Gramps
let us know in the comments what you
want to see next make a good one next
time
wipe them what's up guys thanks for
watching if you like this why not check
out either these other two dope videos
of ours be sure to subscribe to stay up
to date on all the latest warp zone
content company every Tuesday and
Thursday well I'm gonna go take a long
cold shower and think about what I just
saw I'll see you next time
what so now